To delete an article.
We can select it and simply click the delete button to delete it.
Very easy perhaps too easy and you could click this button by mistake once a rijkaard is deleted it's
gone to get it back.
You'd have to retrieve it from a backup of your database.
You do keep regular backup copies of your database don't you.
To make it less easy to delete an article that's add another step in the deletion process here in the
delete articles script as we saw previously if we don't use the post method we don't show anything.
So let's add some content down here.
Our standard header a subtitle and a standard footer.
Then in our article script let's copy this form.
And paste it in the delete script.
Like that we can remove the action attribute from the farm tag.
So the farm is submitted to itself.
Then back in the article script we can replace this farm with a link to the Delete script that we originally
had passing in the day of the article in the query string.
Now when we click on an article we see a link to delete it but when we click on it the article isn't
deleted straight away.
We can go back and we haven't deleted it.
We can make this a bit more user friendly however.
Instead of having just a delete button let's add a message that says Are you sure.
And let's also add a cancel link that goes back to the article page.
So now when we view an article then we click on delete.
We get prompted with the confirmation message which we can cancel are we can click the delete button
and the article is deleted later on.
We'll see how we can add a confirmation message like this using javascript.